# NetFoundry Docusaurus Shared

This repository is for shared documentation styles, components and the like. NetFoundry has chosen to use 
[Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) as the Jamstack provider for documentation. Docusaurus provides reusable components
and theming centered around a React core. 

## Prerequisites 

You'll need `npm` installed and `yarn`. `npm` is installed by package manager (or however you want). `yarn` is installed
by running `npm add -g yarn`.

## Getting Started

To get started, clone this repo or download the [bootstrap.sh](./bootstrap.sh) file and execute it. It will ask you for
a location to put the resultant files into.

## Best Practices

### Relative Linking
At this time, it's considered the best practice to use fully qualified links everywhere. Many IDEs will be able to
resolve these paths and help when documentation needs to be rearranged. Docusaurus definitely works best when using a
fully qualified link. DO not use the `@site` alias and do not use an absolute path such as one starting with `/`.

Example, do this:
```markdown
Here [is a link](../to/some/path.md)
```

NOT THIS:
```markdown
Here [is a link](@site/to/some/path)
Here [is a link](/docs/to/some/path.md)
```

### Images Go in the Static Folder

Add images to the static folder located at the project root but make sure images are scoped to your site, not placed at
the root. The root will be reserved for shared images that all are expected to use. Anything at the root may be replaced
when deployed to the live docs site.

Example, put images here:
```markdown
/tmp/my-doc-site/static/img/my-doc-site
```

NOT here:
```markdown
/tmp/my-doc-site/static/img/
```

### Use Partials Sparingly

It's tempting to add the same content over and over again in multiple places but this is not always best for readers.
Docusaurus supports using partials, or markdown files that start with `_` to indicate these are not meant to be included
in the final site, but can be referenced in other markdown.

Example:
```markdown
import SharedContent from '../_shared.content.md'

<SharedContent />
```

### Generated Theme Layout

A Docusaurus Layout is generated by the bootstrap.sh. Don't change this theme component. Ideally, you won't even know
it's there. If it's an opensource project and you want to ask for GitHub stars update the Layout and add starProps. For
example:

```
<NetFoundryLayout
    starProps={{ label: "Like what you see? Give us a star on GitHub",
               repoUrl: 'https://github.com/openziti/ziti' }}>
```




